Some video game actors based in the UK have said they wish they could strike in solidarity with their US counterparts. 
Voice actors connected to the SAG-Aftra union have been refusing to work with companies like Activision, Disney, Warner Bros and EA since July over issues such as the use of generative artificial intelligence (Gen AI).
The two sides have been back at the negotiating table, but there’s been no major breakthrough and talks have been extended.
While the impact on gamers has so far been limited, partly down to how long it takes to make blockbuster games, it has affected voice talent in the UK.
Those playing popular action role-playing game Genshin Impact might have noticed the absence of English-language voice acting in its latest story update. 
It’s the first game which fans suspect has been hit by the ongoing video game voice actor strikes. The makers, miHoYo, have only commented that it was down to "recording arrangements".
Voiceover actor Doug Cockle, best known for playing Geralt of Rivia in The Witcher series, says he supports the strikes but isn't a member of SAG-Aftra because he's based in the UK. "Some studios have stopped making their games, so the voiceover industry has slowed right down," he tells BBC Newsbeat. 
"The actors in SAG-Aftra aren't just striking for themselves. They’re striking for the creative industries [across the world]. "If they can strike a good deal, that could be a template for other industries." Genshin Impact A screengrab of the Roleplaying Game Genshin Impact showing a character dressed in green approaching a giant blue dragon on a rocky terrain in a forest.
Genshin Impact Fans suspect role-playing game Genshin Impact was affected by the strike It’s something Harry McEntire, who you might recognise as Noah in Xenoblade Chronicles 3, agrees with. "I think it’s so fantastic that the [actors in] the US are doing what they’re doing at the moment," he says.
"As with a lot of things, as goes the US, so follows everywhere else. "If they can start to get those things in place, it can become industry standard, not just in the US." Harry adds that he's frustrated actors in the UK weren’t able to strike in solidarity, as "there’s no legal support for it". 
Doug Cockle The voice over actor, Doug Cockle, who is a bald man - smirking with a black buttoned top in front of a black and green background. Doug Cockle You may have heard Doug Cockle's voice if you've played a game in The Witcher series SAG-Aftra and 10 game companies are struggling to agree on how Gen AI should be allowed to be used in games in the future, particularly when it comes to generating voices.
Gen AI systems, whether they are designed to produce text, images or audio, don't create anything from scratch, but are trained on existing material. This can include words, pictures and, in the case of actors, performances. The games industry has been struggling around the world, with many losing their jobs even as games get bigger.
Some studios see AI as a way to cut costs, which has the potential for fewer human voice actors. "I don’t really understand why you would use AI for creativity," Harry says. 
"Why would we want to take something that’s so inherently human and is about inspiration, brilliance and collective energy and say 'let’s see if we can run that through a computer programme?'" Harry McEntire Harry, the voice over actor, looking slightly serious, wearing a brown jacket, grey top with a dark green background. Harry McEntire Harry wishes UK video game actors could strike too Alex Jordan, who is part of the Cyberpunk 2077 games, feels if Gen AI becomes the norm, it could have a negative impact in the longer term. 
"I think if we don’t take solid action soon, we’re just going to see a kind of void of creativity further down the line. "We're going to have to really work hard to correct that." Video game companies involved in negotiations have previously told Newsbeat they "have worked hard to deliver proposals with reasonable terms". "That protect the rights of performers while ensuring we can continue to use the most advanced technology to create a great gaming experience for fans," spokesperson Audrey Cooling said. 
"The robust AI protections we have offered are entirely consistent with or better than other entertainment industry agreements the union has signed." Alex Jordan The voice over artist, Alex Jordan, is a man with a brown cwiff and a beard.
He's wearing a shirt and a t-shirt underneath. On a black and green background. Alex Jordan Alex Jordan is in Cyberpunk 2077 and thinks the video game strikes will hit the smaller companies the most Alex says he supports the SAG-Aftra strikers and regularly contacts the union. He also says he's not helping with any promotion of a new game, in solidarity with his striking colleagues in America. Alex says he's frustrated the strikes haven't been sorted yet. 
"Unless we can move on, it’s going to harm the people at the bottom of the ladder." Harry, Alex and Doug were speaking at London's MCM Comic Con as part of the Dungeons & Dragons group Natural Six. More than 100,000 fans visited the show for a chance to dress up, play new games and meet their favourite voice actors - some queuing for a long time. "The big one thing that AI will never be able to do is interact with the community," Alex says.
"AI will never be able to sit down and engage with people that truly love the work on a human level and share that passion. "And people who are genuinely passionate about things want to share that passion with others."